README.md, before:

# PC Flow 

![Image of site title and logo](Source/Artwork/Dark-Logo.png?raw=true)

PC Flow is a website offering services building bespoke custom water-cooled PCs and conversions of pre-built machines.
 
## UX

This website is for PC enthusiasts who are interested in high performance systems for gaming and productivity work. People who want to get maximum performance out of their systems. This Website provides an opportunity for them to learn how water cooling can help not only improve computer performance, but also its aesthetic and acoustic properties.

### User Stories
* As a novice user, I want to learn more about water cooling, so that I can decide if it is right for me.
* As a potential customer, I want to know if PC Flow has the expertise to fulfil my needs.
* As a potential customer, I want to see examples of previous work, so I know what to expect.
* As a Customer, I want to be able to contact PC Flow quickly and easily, to get my order and needs addressed.


TO DO: Links to wireframes, mockups, diagrams and other design files.

## Features

TO DO.

### Existing Features

- Nothing yet.

### Planned Features

- Nothing yet.

## Technologies Used

None yet...

## Testing

Nothing to test yet...

## Deployment

Nothing to deploy yet...

## Credits

None

Commit message:

Initial Design 2
Added Logo font attributions to README.md.

Changed logo text to paths so fonts aren't needed for rendering.

Added logo.svg for testing.

Added offline brainstorming sketch.

Fleshed out design document.

README.md, after:

# PC Flow 

![Image of site title and logo](Source/Artwork/logo.png?raw=true)

PC Flow is a website offering services building bespoke custom water-cooled PCs and conversions of pre-built machines.
 
## UX

This website is for PC enthusiasts who are interested in high performance systems for gaming and productivity work. People who want to get maximum performance out of their systems. This Website provides an opportunity for them to learn how water cooling can help not only improve computer performance, but also its aesthetic and acoustic properties.

### User Stories
* As a novice user, I want to learn more about water cooling, so that I can decide if it is right for me.
* As a potential customer, I want to know if PC Flow has the expertise to fulfil my needs.
* As a potential customer, I want to see examples of previous work, so I know what to expect.
* As a Customer, I want to be able to contact PC Flow quickly and easily, to get my order and needs addressed.


TO DO: Links to wireframes, mockups, diagrams and other design files.

## Features

TO DO.

### Existing Features

- Nothing yet.

### Planned Features

- Nothing yet.

## Technologies Used

None yet...

## Testing

Nothing to test yet...

## Deployment

Nothing to deploy yet...

## Credits

Logo/Title text based on 01Digitall font by David Chung (free licence) and Flow by Matt Chisholm (Free licence).
